# Tic Tac Toe
### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhBx-SiPDfw
#### Description: This a Tic tac toe game written in python. It is played in the terminal. Once the game has been started it prompts users for position values to place either an x or o while printing out the board at every turn so the player/players can see what is going on. It has an option to play multiplayer or single player.The game has a single python file. It contains a list of ten empty spaces, ten so that the user can select from 1-9 not 0-8.The main logic of the program is in a user definfed function called muliplayer where the user starts of deciding if they will play the program or another player.Where the user decides to play single player  I use while a loop to check for a full board (a tie game) .In the loop we then check if the computer has won if not then the user plays with a call of the playerMove function and I print the board for the user. The playerMove function is a while loop that prompts a value from the user which it uses to first check if that positin has been filled and then proceeds to fill  if empty.In the multiplayer function I  go through the same process to check if the player has won but  instead of using playerMove I use a function called compMove to have the computer make a move. The function compMove creates a list of the indices where the are empty spaces  then it uses these together with a copy of the  board  to check if either it or the player  can win with the next  move. If either the player or computer can win compMove returns that index value to the multiplayer function and the move is executed .If no move is executed the program moves on to check the corners, the edges the center, to see where the empty spaces are so that it can select a random space to place the O for the computer. The multiplayer option , chosen at the start of the game instead of single player ,has a while loop that stops when there is a tie game but until that condition is met the program uses an if statement to check if player 1 has won if they have not won it runs a function called player1Move(), a slight adaptation of the  playerMove  function from the single player option with the only difference being the letters it prints in the board.The multiplayer function moves on to check if player 2 has won in similar fashion to the check for player 1.For the implementation of the option to restart the game I used a while loop that checks if the game if over , either by a full boar(tie game) or if either player ha won.If the game is over it prompts the user to see if he/she wants to restart the game. The main function is defined to call the multiplayer function to start the game. A while loop runs as long as the board is not full and neither player has won.If the board is full the program prompts the user with a question ,"Would you like to play again? yes or no: ".If the user responds with a 'yes'. the board is reset and the game restarts by calling the main function. If 'no' is the player's choice , the loop breaks ending the game. The same process is run if the player using the 'X' or 'O' has won .If none of these condtition are met the game continues as usual by simply calling main.
